This sentence parses badly. 
He is being hired by another company. 
We picked them out for her. 
We picked out some beautiful flowers for her. 
I am afraid that I have badly hurt him. 
Dick is important to fix the problem. 
Anne told me I would almost certainly be hired. 
The shadow travels with the sun. 
I say it is a damn shame that he left. 
He would play a football match against his former champions. 
They are playing an important match against Liverpool on Saturday. 
I was told the whole story by Maybeline. 
She is full of bright ideas. 
I thought it is right to resign. 
It is not a good idea to drive for hours without a rest. 
His aim was to become president. 
We have very different ideas about disciplining children. 
It is not a good manner to eat alone. 
He took the most convenient seat. 
He made negative comments to the press. 
The official refused to comment on the matter. 
I suppose his criticism was fair comment. 
They seem to resemble each other. 
He had not seen him since that graduation day. 
The role of a teacher is to guide a student towards knowledge. 
My brother guided me in my work. 
He was awarded for his courage. 
It struggled to force its body through that little hole. 
She is a great fan of Lata. 
He was a football fan. 
A warm breeze fanned her cheeks. 
These smugglers are to be captured. 
I saw you put the key in your pocket. 
I have been invited to head the department. 
He was awakened at dawn by the sound of crying. 
I am afraid you have completely misunderstood the question. 
The big question on everybody's mind is who killed OJ. 
Last Tuesday was really fun. 
This is my friend Bob. 
We ate at Joe's Diner last week. 
How did John do it? 
The punch caught him in the stomach. 
It is clear who killed Rod. 
We are from the planet Gorpon. 
The best costumes got prizes. 
She is apparently an excellent pianist. 
There is a dog or a cat here. 
It is important to fix the problem. 
He spoke last on this issue. 
I should have talked to you before the inviting of John. 
The sleeping of students can ruin a lecture. 
The sleeping of students is becoming a big problem. 
Joan Smith is the president of the company. 
The explosion damaged his hearing. 
Many people were angered by the hearings. 
I am in New York and I would like to see you. 
I bought a golden bangle for my mother. 
The mother calmed the angry son. 
He deals fairly with his employees. 
Everyone should maintain peace on the earth. 
It is true that you are my friend but I can not go along with you on this issue. 
If we heat iron it becomes red. 
John is more intelligent than Tom. 
The sparrow made a beautiful nest. 
She looks beautiful. 
There is a ghost in the room. 
The man has been killed by the police. 
The parents documented every step of their child's development. 
Kennedy has been killed. 
I went there to buy a book. 
They bought some imitation jewelry. 
The chief guest gave a welcome address. 
The whole village was washed away by the floods. 
She is waiting for her turn. 
She waled a beautiful picture on the cloth. 
I asked my friend to xerox the notes. 
She is too young for marriage. 
The government took serious steps to check the dacoits. 
You must outline the important sentences with a marker. 
He opened a conversation on the issue of animal rights. 
They threw him in the swimming pool. 
The thief escaped through the open gate. 
The land was zoned for industrial purposes. 
The child is weeping for his mother. 
There is a well near the tree. 
He is always looking at himself in the mirror. 
The question is who we should invite. 
Her parents were killed in a plane crash. 
The jet zoomed across the sky. 
How much money did you earn? 
How much more spilled? 
He is a great sports fan. 
I live at 805 West Indiana Street. 
It was a completely wasted journey. 
I do not have very much money. 
Dalai Lama is the abbot of the Tibetian monastery. 
There is abject poverty in India. 
A policeman is abasing a good businessman. 
Abandoned children are kept in orphanages. 
The frequent sleeping of students is a big problem.
