The sky is wreathed with clouds. 
The Inspector made an accidental inspection of the school. 
The priest granted absolution for John's sins. 
There are abundant natural resources in our country. 
Some fruit juices are very acidic. 
I wondered for a long time why everyone liked her so much. 
Beautiful paintings adorned the walls of the palace. 
The leopard seizes its kill and begins to eat. 
The dog went into its house. 
Their daughter took the first prize in the race. 
We caught the last bus for home. 
He commented that the two essays were rather similar. 
I wonder how much money you earned. 
The other five costumes got prizes. 
I wonder where John is. 
Clinton announced on Tuesday a bold new proposal. 
She said she did not approve of my behavior. 
She decided to search her biological mother. 
Monday sounds good for the meeting. 
My many female friends were angered by the hearings. 
The stupidity of the senators annoyed all my friends. 
My three sisters are coming next week. 
There was a problem, but we solved it. 
It was interesting to hear about school life in Britain. 
He lives in a narrow lane off the main road. 
The yield of kharif crops was not good this season. 
The Master said, if I did not go, how would you ever see? 
The letter was clearly the product of a twisted mind. 
I do not go out as much now. 
He lives at Chandinichok in Delhi in India. 
Who translated the sentence for the student? 
She began singing. 
The five best costumes got prizes. 
Espresso is a coffee drink. 
I gave him for his birthday a very expensive present. 
Where were you coming from? 
Your house and garden are very attractive. 
He is more intelligent than John. 
I yelled at her for going to the party. 
This computer is relatively more expensive. 
But where will you get them from. 
Of her childhood we know very little. 
From your description, I do not think I would enjoy it. 
I finally figured out why this program is so slow. 
The best five costumes got prizes. 
I wonder how John did it. 
High income taxes are important. 
There is a heap of garbage near the house. 
It was so dark that I could not see anything. 
I heard a yelp from the hostel last night. 
Criminal charges will be brought against the driver. 
The school admits only 50 students at a time. 
Buying of shares was brisk on Wall Street today. 
The playing of the piano really bothers John. 
Many people can speak but only a few can act. 
Failure to comply may result in dismissal. 
I wonder whether we should go. 
He told them about the accident, presumably. 
The doctor is tending the injured. 
She is an excellent student with a bright future. 
Someone laughed suddenly and the spell was broken. 
To the people of India he is the symbol of mature wisdom. 
I enclose three documents herewith. 
He never really recovered from the shock of his wife's death. 
He was well aware of the problem. 
She has gone for a walk in the woods. 
Since I know English, he spoke to me. 
Mysore is also known as the city of palaces. 
Kufri is a small hill station near shimla. 
The girl who you called yesterday has arrived. 
The snake who swallowed the rat hissed loudly. 
The dog which Chris bought is really ugly. 
Phil gave me a sweater which he bought in Paris. 
The boy who came yesterday from Delhi is my friend. 
The girl you met yesterday is here. 
The dog I chased was black. 
The man you saw is intelligent. 
This is the place I live. 
This is the place I met him. 
I will show you the house which I bought. 
Shivaji was one of the most powerful rulers in 1600. 
Ayodhya during ancient times was known as kaushaldesa. 
Golconda fort is situated on the western outskirts of hyderabad. 
I like dogs as well as cats. 
He was imprisoned in 1945 for the brutal murder of a sixty year old man. 
These cuts in services will particularly affect the old. 
A slow, balmy breeze from the south engulfed everyone in the audience. 
Is there life beyond the grave? 
His reputation was tarnished by his misdeeds. 
