
She asked me to guess her age.
I saw her again a year and a half later. 
Of her childhood we know very little.
I gave her the present I bought for her.
She is having her children cook dinner for her.
Let her go to the market.
I gave her a book.


A big, black, ugly dog chased me.
Rama gave a book to Dasharat, the king of Ayodhya.
The earth must revolve around the sun, Copernicus reasoned.
In January 1990, a historic new law was passed.aving finished the book, she went to school.
The groups of frogs were traveling through the woods, and two of them fell into a deep pit. 
The poor boy paid his respects to Ashok, the king.


He says that you like to swim.
It struggled to force its body through that little hole.
The leopard seizes its kill and begins to eat.
Police is still hoping to find the dead woman's killer.
I have been invited to head the department.


I knew who would come to the party.
Whether we should go to the party is the important question.
He says that you like to swim.
I should have talked to you before inviting John .  
Let us go to the market.
Let her go to the market.

Running is good for health. 


I knew who would come to the party.
The lawyer pointed out that Clinton did not actually kiss Monica. 
The planet that we live on is of medium size. 
How quickly did Joe run? 
I am quite excited about next week. OL parses with defferent reading
It is clear who killed Rod. 

The big question on everybody's mind is who killed OJ. 
I say it is a damn shame that he left.  
It struggled to force its body through that little hole.
Who came first in the race?
It was cold there even in summer.
This sentence parses badly.
We thank you all for coming this evening.

The whole village was washed away by the floods .
Whether we should go to the party is the important question.
I wonder how much oil spilled.
The best five costumes got prizes.

She waled a beautiful picture on the cloth.
Do it the way you have always done it.
The planet that we will live on will be of medium size.
The party that night was a big success.

I count the cars as they pass by the office.

The 5 thousand people invited by Bob attended.
It turns out that Clinton did not actually kiss Monica.
I made it clear that I was angry .
Economic indicators fell sharply last month.
I left the party after seeing Ann there 
She worked in a school for a while before joining the college .
I should have talked to you before inviting John .  
How certain are you that John is coming.


By going there you can earn more money.
On hearing the news of his father's death Sachin returned back to India.


But where will you get them from? 
Can you tell us where those strange ideas came from?


She is making the girl feed the child.
She made the girl feed the child.
I made him make some changes in the program.


Let us go to the market.


The last part of the course was hard because I was running against the wind.
Can we open a second browser window.
The e-mail message which you sent finally arrived yesterday.

John plays basketball well.
I gave her a book.
Rama gave me her book.
I gave a book to her.


Ashok, the king rewarded the poor boy.
I gave Mohan a book.
Rama with Hari gave a book to Mohan.
Rama with Hari is giving a book to Mohan.

I like to swim.
He likes to swim.
I love to swim.
If John comes then send the boy to England.
If John comes, send the boy to England.
Send the boy to England, if John comes.
